/*

EXAMPLE: MULTITHREADED LOGGER CLASS
    This section demonstrates how to use threads, mutual exclusion objects, locks, and condition variables 
    to write a multithreaded Logger class. 
    The class allows log messages to be added to a queue from different threads. 
    The Logger class itself processes this queue in a background thread that serially writes the log messages 
    to a file. 
    The class will be designed in two iterations to show you some examples of problems you will encounter when writing multithreaded code.

    The C++ standard does not have a thread-safe queue, so it is obvious that you have to protect access
    to the queue with some synchronization mechanism to prevent multiple threads from reading/writing to the queue 
    at the same time. 
    This example uses a mutual exclusion object and a condition variable to provide the synchronization. 
    Based on that, you might define the Logger class.

    The implementation is as follows. 
    Note that this initial design has a couple of problems and when you try to run it, it might behave strangely 
    or even crash. 
    This is discussed and solved in the next iteration of the Logger class. 
    The inner while loop in the processEntries() method is worth looking at. 
    It processes all messages in the queue one at a time, and acquires and releases the lock on each iteration. 
    This is done to make sure the loop doesn’t keep the lock for too long, blocking other threads.

    WARNING 
        As you can already see from this rather simple task, writing correct multithreaded code is hard! 
        Unfortunately, at this moment, threads, atomics, mutual exclusion objects, condition variables, and futures, are all the C++ standard provides. 
        C++ does not provide any concurrent data structures, at least not yet in C++17. 
        This might change in the future though.
        The Logger class is just an example to show these basic building blocks. 
        For production-quality code, I recommend using an appropriate third party concurrent data structure, instead of writing your own. 
        For example, the open-source boost C++ libraries1 have an implementation of a queue that is lock-free, and
        allows concurrent use without the need for any explicit synchronization.

    If you build and run this naive initial version, you will notice that the application is terminated abruptly. 
    That is caused because the application never calls join() or detach() on the background thread. 
    Remember that the destructor of a thread object which is still joinable, that is, neither join() nor detach() 
    has been called yet, will call std::terminate() to terminate all running threads and the application itself. 
    This means that messages still in the queue are not written to the file on disk. 
    Some runtime libraries even issue an error or generate a crash dump when the application is terminated like this.   
  
*/