/*

std::async
    If you want to give the C++ runtime more control over whether or not a thread is created to calculate something, 
    you can use std::async(). 
    It accepts a function to be executed, and returns a future that you can use to retrieve the result.

    There are two ways in which async() can run your function:
        -> Run your function on a separate thread asynchronously
        -> Run your function on the calling thread synchronously at the time you call get() on the returned future

    If you call async() without additional arguments, the runtime automatically chooses one of the two methods 
    depending on factors such as the number of CPU cores in your system and the amount of concurrency already 
    taking place. 
    You can influence the runtime’s behavior by specifying a policy argument.
        -> launch::async: forces the runtime to execute the function asynchronously on a different thread.
        -> launch::deferred: forces the runtime to execute the function synchronously on the calling thread 
           when get() is called.
        -> launch::async | launch::deferred: lets the runtime choose (= default behavior).

    In example, std::async() is one of the easiest methods to perform some calculations either  
    asynchronously (on a different thread), or synchronously (on the same thread), and retrieve the result afterward.

    WARNING 
        A future returned by a call to async() blocks in its destructor until the result is available. 
        That means that if you call async() without capturing the returned future, the async() call effectively 
        becomes a blocking call!
        For example, the following line synchronously calls calculate():

            async(calculate);

        What happens with this statement is that async() creates and returns a future.
        This future is not captured, so it is a temporary future. 
        Because it is a temporary future, its destructor is called before this statement is finished, and this
        destructor will block until the result is available.

*/