/*

FUTURES
    Using std::thread to launch a thread that calculates a single result does not make it easy to get the computed 
    result back once the thread has finished executing. 
    Another problem with std::thread is in how it handles errors like exceptions. 
    If a thread throws an exception and this exception is not caught by the thread itself, the C++ runtime calls
    std::terminate(), which usually terminates the entire application.

    A future can be used to more easily get the result out of a thread, and to transport exceptions from
    one thread to another thread, which can then handle the exception however it wants. 
    Of course, it’s still good practice to always try to handle exceptions in the actual threads as much 
    as possible, in order to prevent them from leaving the thread.

    A promise is something where a thread stores its result. 
    A future is used to get access to the result stored in a promise. 
    That is, a promise is the input side for a result, a future is the output side. 
    Once a function, running in the same thread or in another thread, has calculated the value that it wants to
    return, it can put this value in a promise. 
    This value can then be retrieved through a future. 
    You can think of this mechanism as an inter-thread communication channel for a result.

    C++ provides a standard future, called std::future. 
    You can retrieve the result from an std::future as follows. 
    T is the type of the calculated result.

        future<T> myFuture = ...; 
        T result = myFuture.get();

    The call to get() retrieves the result and stores it in the variable result. 
    If calculating the result is not finished yet, the call to get() blocks until the value becomes available. 
    You can only call get() once on a future. 
    The behavior of calling it a second time is undefined by the standard.

    If you want to avoid blocking, you can first ask the future if there is a result available.

        if (myFuture.wait_for(0)) { // Value is available
            T result = myFuture.get();
        } else {
            // Value is not yet available
        ...
        }


std::promise and std::future
    C++ provides the std::promise class as one way to implement the concept of a promise. 
    You can call set_value() on a promise to store a result, or you can call set_exception() on it to store an
    exception in the promise. 
    Note that you can only call set_value() or set_exception() once on a specific promise. 
    If you call it multiple times, an std::future_error exception will be thrown.

    A thread A that launches another thread B to calculate something can create an std::promise and
    pass this to the launched thread. 
    Note that a promise cannot be copied, but it can be moved into a thread! 
    Thread B uses that promise to store the result. 
    Before moving the promise into thread B, thread A calls get_future() on the created promise to be able 
    to get access to the result once B has finished.

    NOTE 
        Code is just for demonstration purposes. 
        It starts the calculation in a new thread, and then calls get() on the future, which blocks until 
        the result is calculated. 
        This sounds like a very expensive function call. 
        In real-world applications, you can use futures by periodically checking if there is a result available
        or not (using wait_for()), or by using a synchronization mechanism such as a condition variable. 
        When the result is not yet available, you can do something else in the meantime, instead of blocking.

*/